Add readme to numbast module (#72)
NVIDIA/numbast: numbast/README.md

> ## Overview

Author: ```suggestion
# Numbast - auto Numba binding generator

## Overview
```

> Numbast is the auto binding generator for CUDA C++ headers. It consumes parsed headers from `AST_Canopy` and dynamically create new types, data models and lowering for C++ types. One could see Numbast as a C++-Python syntax translator.

Author: ```suggestion
Numbast is an auto binding generator for CUDA C++ headers. It consumes parsed headers from `AST_Canopy` and dynamically create new types, data models and lowering for C++ types. 
```

> ## Supported CUDA C++ declarations
> 

Author: ```suggestion
## Supported CUDA C++ declarations

Currently, the following C++ features are recognized and generated.

```

- Concrete Struct / Classes (e.g. `struct Foo`)
    - Constructors e.g. `Foo()`
    - Conversion Operators e.g. `operator float()`
    - Attribute Read Access e.g. `Foo().x`

> - Concrete Functions `e.g. bar() {}`

Author: We should probably give an example for each item to how they are translated into in Python syntaxes.

### Requirement

> - `ast_canopy`

Author: ```suggestion
- `ast_canopy>=0.1.0`
```

- `numba`>=0.59
- `pynvjitlink`>=0.22

## Folder Structure

Numbast organizes its files in [src layout](https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/discussions/src-layout-vs-flat-layout/).

- benchmarks: contain the benchmark for Numbast. Including compilation pipeline overhead measurements.
- src: contains Numbast module. Each file is organized according to the C++ feature that it's addressing. For example

> `struct.py` handles the declaration of C++ structs.

Author: ```suggestion
`struct.py` handles the C++ structs declarations.
```
